hey Jacob is it alright if I come over
so what's up huh just looking at old
YouTube videos hey remember this old
commercial from when we were kids you
had one of those yeah I think I do I'm
gonna go check you stay here Furby
well you actually found it yeah I was in
some old box and might like rustling is
so weird it's not fun back in the day
though yeah weird huh well I better get
going man see ya uh hey just kind of
getting late
what the heck a haha Connor very funny
[Music]
put the Furby away
good night Furby I just wanna kill you
what the hell
[Music]
hi car yeah something's really weirds
going on I need you to come over yeah I
don't know some things I prefer be have
no no II just know it's not a dream it's
it came after me like it was alive or
something yeah hurry get over here
[Music]
Jacob
Jacob I'm here
[Music]
oh dude brick okay you can call really
on in Japan seriously
tell me what next one huh I don't know
but that's frickin Ferb it's a possessed
or something it's like moving or ever I
put it somewhere somewhere else it's
like saying things to me I don't know
it's really freaking scary right off
your pills no I don't take pills Connor
maybe you should leave you an asshole
like this I'm just tired of your stupid
games why don't you believe me man cuz
it's just so stupid no it's not
[Music]
he's seriously man what the heck is
going on told you that thing is pretty
possessed we're gonna do it's gonna keep
following us
I really hope those bullets in it
my brother's gun
[Music]
ha